---
layout: post
title: Best Elevator
subtitle: fourth case study
categories: project
tags: [digitalisation, automation, IOT]
---
1. **Increase Customer Loyalty:**
   - Use smart sensors in products to understand how customers use them. This helps in fixing issues before they become big problems, and it lets us offer personalized suggestions to make customers happier.

2. **Improve Service Maintenance and Predictive Maintenance:**
   - Equip products with sensors that can tell us how they're doing in real-time. This way, we can predict when they might need fixing, reduce downtime, and avoid unexpected breakdowns.

3. **Manage Spare Parts Inventory More Efficiently:**
   - Make our inventory smarter by using technology to keep track of it in real-time. Automated systems can order more parts when we're running low, making sure we have what we need without overstocking.

4. **Improve Product Design and Technician Training:**
   - Learn how people use our products by using data. This helps us make our products better. Also, use technology to create realistic training for technicians.

5. **Improve Uptime and Field Service Efficiency:**
   - Use smart sensors to diagnose problems from a distance. Technicians can fix issues without being there in person, reducing downtime and the need for them to travel.

6. **Allocate Scarce Service Technicians More Efficiently:**
   - Use technology and maps to figure out the best routes for technicians. This way, we can send them where they're needed most, saving time and responding faster.

7. **Communicate More Effectively with Suppliers:**
   - Make our supply chain smarter by using technology. This gives us real-time information about where our supplies are. It helps us work better with suppliers and ensures we always have what we need on time.
